Datetime & bool types tutorial update (#1815)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/tutorials/kinesis.md

- [GNU parallel](https://www.gnu.org/software/parallel/)

:::note

> `jq` is required to build the input source partition files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`jq` is required to reshape the events into records ingestable by the Amazon Kinesis API.
```
